readme.md, before:


# Robot Framework Web Test Example

This is a simple example projct demonstating how to use **Robot Framework** with **Selenium Library** to automate web testing.

## Project Structure

```text
|----tests/
    |----example_test.robot     # Main test case
|----resources/
    |----variables.robot        # Shared variables
|----output/                    # Test reports and logs
|----readme.md
|----requirements.txt           # Requirements file for pip
```

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Google Chrome
- ChromeDriver

## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The requirements.txt file also installs RIDE, the Robot Framework IDE. Run it with ride.exe.

## Running the Tests

To execute the test and generate a report:

```bash
robot -d output tests
```

To run a specific test, you can run only the file:

```bash
robot -d output-firewall-test tests\test_firewall.robot
```

- `-d output` puts logs and repots into the `output` directory.

## Output Files

After running tests, check these:

- output/report.html: High-level summar
- output/log.html: Detailed step-by-step log
- output/output.xml: Raw execution output (for CI tools)

## Test Example

This is what example_test.robot does:

1. Opens Chrome Browser
2. Goes to https://example.com
3. Verifies the pgae title
4. Takes a screenshot
5. Closes the browser

## Maintained By

- Ryan Schostag

Commit message:

Doc: Updated readme with corrections to typos and removal of test and resource filenames from project structure tree diagram.

readme.md, after:


# Robot Framework Web Test Example

This is a simple example projct demonstating how to use **Robot Framework** with **Selenium Library** to automate web testing.

## Project Structure

```text
|----tests/                     # Test files (e.g. .robot, .py)
|----resources/                 # Variable definitions (e.g. variables.robot)
|----output/                    # Test reports and logs
|----readme.md                  # Project documentation
|----requirements.txt           # Requirements file for pip
```

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Google Chrome
- ChromeDriver

## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The requirements.txt file also installs RIDE, the Robot Framework IDE. Run it with ride.exe.

## Running the Tests

To execute the test and generate a report:

```bash
robot -d output-example tests
```

- `-d output` puts logs and reports into the `output-example` directory. If the directory does not exist, it is created.

To run a specific test, you can run only the file:

```bash
robot -d output-firewall-test tests\test_firewall.robot
```



## Output Files

After running tests, check these:

- output/report.html: High-level summar
- output/log.html: Detailed step-by-step log
- output/output.xml: Raw execution output (for CI tools)

## Test Example

This is what example_test.robot does:

1. Opens Chrome Browser
2. Goes to https://example.com
3. Verifies the pgae title
4. Takes a screenshot
5. Closes the browser

## Maintained By

- Ryan Schostag
